---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "openvpncloud_network Resource - terraform-provider-openvpn-cloud"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# openvpncloud_network (Resource)

Use `openvpncloud_network` to create an OpenVPN Cloud Network.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- **default_connector** (Block List, Min: 1, Max: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--default_connector))
- **default_route** (Block List, Min: 1, Max: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--default_route))

### Optional

- **description** (String) The display description for this resource. Defaults to `Managed by Terraform`.
- **egress** (Boolean) Boolean to control whether this network provides an egress or not.
- **internet_access** (String) The type of internet access provided. Valid values are `BLOCKED`, `GLOBAL_INTERNET`, or `LOCAL`. Defaults to `LOCAL`.
- **name** (String) The display name of the network.

### Read-Only

- **id** (String) The ID of this resource.
- **system_subnets** (Set of String) The IPV4 and IPV6 subnets automatically assigned to this network.

<a id="nestedblock--default_connector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `default_connector`

Required:

- **name** (String) Name of the connector automatically created and attached to this network.
- **vpn_region_id** (String) The id of the region where the default connector will be deployed.

Read-Only:

- **id** (String) The ID of the default connector.
- **ip_v4_address** (String) The IPV4 address of the default connector.
- **ip_v6_address** (String) The IPV6 address of the default connector.
- **network_item_id** (String) The parent network id.
- **network_item_type** (String) The network object type. This typically will be set to `NETWORK`.


<a id="nestedblock--default_route"></a>
### Nested Schema for `default_route`

Required:

- **value** (String) The target value of the default route.
- **type** (String)  The type of route. Valid values are `IP_V4`, `IP_V6`, and `DOMAIN`.

Read-Only:

- **id** (String) The ID of this resource.


